in ninety-seventh year Russia recognized
and signed a treaty of friendship and
cooperation and clearly recognized up to the
border of Ukraine and pledged to respect and
so on If for some reason you
now say that no you don't have such
borders we don't respect them we won't
consider them then it turns out you violated
this treaty yes No
Hello Yes hello I'm from the city of
Khmelnitsky Where are you from the city of Kirov And how do you
communicate
yes listen in general differently
And more specifically
it's different With someone about books with someone
about TV series with someone I don't know there
with someone here with Ukrainians sometimes there about
politics something there you chat
Interesting Yeah
Listen but can you tell me when the
Russian Federation appeared
most likely in ninety-first year that's
right just many start
telling some fairy tales there about
some Ruriks and so on No if
of course we take the Russian what's it called
socialist yes there federation then
it appeared there in some I don't
remember how nineteenth  or some
kind of yes or something like that Yes yes yes If we
take the Russian Federation specifically, it is
ninety-first Yes yes I understand Well
because a federation is like
sa like different regions roughly speaking
there and in ninety-second year if I am not
mistaken you had a federal
agreement signed between the subjects
Perhaps and I don’t know these subtleties
to be honest so I can’t say I
understand And how do you feel about the fact that
Russia attacked Ukraine
well listen it didn’t attack specifically
right Here And what did it do well it
fulfilled the agreements with this
union state Well look
Russia has agreements with Ukraine yes in
ninety-seventh year a
treaty of friendship and cooperation was signed where it is
clearly stated that Russia uh recognizes the
boundaries well that Ukraine and Russia recognize the
boundaries of each other’s sovereignty and so
on yes that is even in ninety-
seventh year a
treaty of friendship and
cooperation was signed Yes it turns out if Russia
recognized part of the territory of Ukraine
for example
Crimea in fourteenth
year as its own then it violated the treaty of
friendship and cooperation in ninety-
seventh year Do I understand correctly why
not Why there look how Crimea
at first as if left and voted to
leave Ukraine No what was that
when was the point is not that The point is that
Russia yes Russia recognizes in ninety-
seventh year Russia recognized and signed a
treaty on friendship and cooperation and
clearly recognized up to the border of Ukraine and
pledged to respect and so on If
for some reason you now say that
no you do not have such borders we do not
respect them we will not count them then it
turns out you violated this treaty no no
look when the USSR collapsed
there yes that is how a bunch of
other these states were formed here exactly the
same with you there we had some there No no no
look again
look again when the USSR collapsed yes it
collapsed within the borders of the corresponding
republics Well yes Here look at the question
Russia and Ukraine did not have mutual
claims on territory true during the
collapse of the Soviet Union
well most likely no yes there signed
signed How not stop well not only
Elson you had the Supreme Council and  so
on and ...
part of
what violated article two of this treaty
Listen as if in general after I as far as I
remember there you know some Helsinki
yes there was generally the inviolability of borders
after Helsin Helsinki Helsinki these
were back in the seventy-something year Once and
here and exactly yes And look Hel according to
Helsinki stop stop stop look
in Helsinki in Helsinki look the
collapse of the USSR clearly within the borders of the republics
For example neither Armenia nor Azerbaijan
changed yes for example Armenia wanted
there what was there uh this Karabakh was Armenia
No the international community and the former
republics clearly said Karabakh is
Azerbaijan According to them immediately why did
they start fighting then they started well they
started look now everything has happened the
same way as Russia started fighting there
something in Crimea and for example Donetsk
Lugansk That's the point the point is yes
what we see yes there are clear borders In
ninety-seventh year I read you
the treaty Russia and Ukraine once again
confirmed the inviolability of their borders yes
and respect for each other's borders yes So in
ninety in 2014 Russia
changed the borders of Ukraine yes saying that
Crimea will now be part of the Russian
Federation it turns out no no it wasn't like that It was
No Russia parliament of
Crimea I remember Parliament Look parliament
not parliament No look parliament not
Russia has pledged to respect the borders of Ukraine
That is, Russia should respect the parliament of
Crimea not the parliament of Crimea Russia should
consider this territory as the territory of
Ukraine Russia under the guise of its puppet
troops
like referendums yes said that now
this part is joining the Russian
Federation
No such thing There was such a
referendum there was held A referendum by
the way a referendum by the way on joining the
Russian Federation was not held
So how did it sound there come on
I don't know Look there was no
referendum on joining the Russian
Federation Listen there were, in my opinion,
two questions That is, the first question: do
you want to remain, in my opinion, part of
Ukraine or be independent yes That
is, look at no referendum on
joining  There was no Russian accession to the
Russian Federation at all No
Then look how then
look again there was no referendum on
joining Russia When there was a
referendum on joining Russia well
wait Well listen there needs to be raised That
I didn't happen Well listen I don't
remember the details I remember exactly look there
definitely wasn't They made this fake
referendum Yes independence was
adopted in Russia the next day You don't want to Google it
like that Well I'll google it I see
I have a law degree 18 years of
practice in 2 years I'll be twenty
I've already been through all this not yet pictures Do
you have What kind of legal education do you have there it's
different international law Wow damn
Listen you're a cool person
International lawyer yes So
look really it turns out there was no
referendum on joining the Russian Federation
In Kherson yes during the occupation they
at least made it seem like they held
some kind of referendum on joining the Russian Federation but
in Crimea there wasn't even such a thing Now
a second let me  I'll have a look anyway
Tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu What do they
write there anyway, of course Wikipedia is
still like
[applause]
information So the bulletin
bulletin Damn, there's so much here, so much to
look at Yeah, there's something like a
sample
bulletin
So the challenges of unifying Crimea with Russia as a
subject of the Russian Federation The
challenge of restoring the effect of the Constitution of the
Republic of Crimea of ​​1992 and
for the status of Crimea as part of Ukraine Well,
here, apparently, well, here it's possible to do both at once, that is, to
choose, well,
listen, anything can happen
So, well, that's not the point The point is that
recognizing Crimea as not Ukraine is already a
violation of the treaty of
1997 That is, it turns out that Russia
violated the treaty of 1997 on
friendship, that is, on cooperation and
partnership So it turns out, but no,
look, that is, after all, there are
two choices in this bulletin
That is, to become, well, of course, at the beginning
they should have
voted for independence
Maybe  it was so I don't know because
it is necessary to check the information For some reason
in my head it was that at first they, as an
independent state, would leave
Ukraine and then
vote for joining the Russian
Federation as a
subject Well, in short, this needs to be raised,
this needs to be read The point is not that Su,
look, the point is that yes - Russia, yes,
it violated the treaty of ninety-seventh
year, it turns out like this Yeah
No, for some reason, that is, if, as if, the residents of
this peninsula spoke out in favor of the fact that
they Once again, look, there is a
relationship, there is, uh, between the subjects of the
Russian Federation and Ukraine, there is an
agreement, but there are no conditions there
if some residents want or don't want,
yes, Russia undertakes to, uh, the borders of Ukraine,
yes, Ukraine recognizes the borders of Russia
For example, some residents in the Chechen
Republic of Ichkeria, yes, wanted to
secede from Ukraine Leo, by the way, it didn't work out, yes,
for some
time, yes, but Ukraine, despite this, yes,
Ukraine did not recognize the Chechen
Republic of Ichkeria Well, look, I
think that, as if when they carried out
this  referendum in fact means then
as if there is a procedure that some
Once again, a referendum is not a referendum
Look, for example, we
have an agreement with you, yes, yeah, a certain one.
Then, based on the fact that you have
something wrong, I start saying:
"And now I'll forget about this agreement,
in short, and deceive you." There is once again, there is a
subject of the Russian Federation and a subject of
Ukraine. These two subjects have
agreed. Well, look, how could this
case work then when you
start working, well, when is it
written in the contract, in the contract, yes, when
you start working with some
competing company, like once again,
let's open. Well, in this
contract there is nothing, in short, look, what I'm getting at is that
when a referendum
was held once again, once again, for now, look, a
referendum is not a referendum, it doesn't matter how
you feel about it, not a referendum.
Look, first of all, in the legislation of
Ukraine there is no Crimean
referendum. If we pos, look again,
we'll see who organized this.
referendum yes Russian occupation
troops Look Russia Russia uh entered the
territory of Crimea with troops on the night of
February 26-27, 2014 even before all the
referendums, seizing uh the Cabinet of Ministers yes
seizing government institutions
seizing airports seizing military
units and so on That is, Russia
conducted a special military operation on the
night of February 26-27 of the fourteenth
year seizing all military and these
and administrative facilities in Crimea And then
Russia's protégés held a referendum
If we look at this same Igor
Strelkov yes Girkin he clearly said yes
they were in Crimea he said that the
deputies did not want to vote anything
that they personally drove the deputies to
vote Who is Girkin again That's
exactly Who is he the question Who are these
people date again Who are these people yes
who drove the
deputies to the Crimean parliament at gunpoint
listen I don't know I think that I think
that you don't know either I know I know You
see this is Russia Because look at
this footage  everyone saw it, yes, and who are the little
green men in Crimea? There were
little green men. Well, maybe
Russian military personnel. Here are Russian military personnel.
I don’t know. I don’t know. There weren’t any. Yes,
yes, yes. There weren’t any. Yes. These were
Russian military personnel. Yes. So, all this is
very clearly known. Everything has been
written down there for a long time. And so
on. That is, Russia brought in troops on the
night of February 26-27. Yes, it captured
administrative buildings, military facilities,
security forces. Yes, and then, uh, it held a
fake referendum. Yes. In short, we are getting off
topic. It doesn’t matter what
happened there before. The point is, I’m saying again, it doesn’t matter
how you feel about the referendum.
I’m saying that a referendum in
itself doesn’t decide anything. That is, on the
basis of a referendum, some by-
laws are introduced about something. That is, yes, that
is, some procedures are then in effect
within this parliament. It makes
some kind of appeal, a law, something else. That is, a
referendum is just a poll, some kind of
opinion of citizens. And on  on the
basis of it So look again look
how there is the Russian Federation and there is
Ukraine The Russian Federation
agreed to respect the inviolability of the borders of
Ukraine Yes Now on the basis of something a
referendum Referendum The Russian
Federation says: "Oh and now I will not
respect I now because there is some kind of
referendum I will not
respect this now I will take this territory for
myself" It's the same as Ukraine Yes
Hello Hello There is yes
uh it's the same as Ukraine, for example, would take
and say: "Oh and you know it seems to us
that in the Belgorod region yes someone there in
short voted for something We are
annexing the Belgorod region to
ourselves"
Well, I don't think that the Belgorod
region would want to join Ukraine
This is nonsense Well, Ukraine would have
counted they took some five
people held some kind of referendum
wrote something and that's it Well,
damn, you know that all this
was not so in fact You saw the video how it
was immediately like that Yes, look, there was
also an occupation there was an occupation I
saw  occupation I saw the military yes I
saw armed people yes And moreover
all the people who spoke out against it
yes what happened to them
I don't know They threw themselves into basements Yes
I understand By the way by the way why then
if you think that all this is
fake yes as if five
people voted then why then the partisan
movement in
Crimea is generally chic
look again Partisan movement Once
again why there was no partisan movement I'm
undermining Look because yes in the
modern world a partisan movement
like during there World War II is
impossible because there are
mobile cameras and so on there is no such thing Also for
example why in the modern
Russian Federation yes they are afraid to even
write something in this on the Internet or to
leave something Why do you have yes for
example let's take during Lenin's time there were
protests rallies big yes but in the
modern Russian Federation
no one will even come out with a white sheet of paper Why well well these are
tales these are tales Well that's why there is
no rally that is also one can say
that for example here uh since there is no  rallies
means everyone is happy Well listen the
elections showed that everyone is happy The elections
showed yes that the elections are fake
Yes No why were the candidates
all This is like his super Look what
did the referendum held by
Russia in the Kherson region show What did it
show damn I don't know I don't have data
by the way How in Crimea almost 90% are for
Russia
Well maybe yes When when Russia
fled from there where did these 90% go
listen a lot of people left Kherson That is it
turns out 90% left Kherson for
Russia or what do you want to say well yes
for these apartment certificates
Once again you want to say that 90% of
Kherson left for Russia I don't know
how many exactly I didn't count I
wasn't there Listen EC Well look
look at the question So Kherson referent
Let's say while you're googling there I'll
tell you now Look That is for example in
Berdyansk or somewhere else in
Melitopol yes there were explosions for example
some of these representatives let's say so
And look again look  The explosions of
representatives are not just done by some
Uncle Petya Partizan, but by agents of the
Security Service of Ukraine or the
intelligence service. That's all for Crimea, why was
n't it then and in Crimea the matter is that
look in Crimea, in Crimea the
counter-terrorism regime is more difficult because in
Crimea there are so many FSB officers,
how many were driven into Crimea, yes, it doesn't allow for
normal, no,
sabotage activities. That's
all. That is, there are
so many Russian terrorists and Nazis in Crimea that it
is
problematic. What did Russia do
first of all? It cleaned up all the
activists, yes, Crimean Tatar
Ukrainians. Take Ovoroy, the topic is a good
topic. Let's continue. Yes, what happened to
all these, uh,
activists of the Mejlis. Yes, by the way,
many of them, by the way, fled
there, then that's what happened. Here is Oleg Oleg
Sentsov. Do you know who Oleg Sentsov is? Well, they
say that this one is
some kind of director. Some kind of director. Two films.
What did Russia do to him? And
as far as I remember, he is from those events.
there he participated in short And by the
way he tried to commit sabotage Sabotage what he had to
do and listen somewhere
or plant something or set fire there
in short they wanted to blow something up To
blow up something What did he want to blow up I ca
n't remember now It was what
incriminates what incriminates but damn
I can't remember It's a very old case
By the way about Let's see Let's
see Let's look while you search from
us I once watched one video it was back
when Crimea was under Ukraine and there was just
this Crimean Tatar this
movement it was considered
terrorist in this in Ukraine Ukraine
In Ukraine not in Ukraine no In Ukraine once
again no no no no need to tell
Krylov's fable Show me show me where in
Ukraine the Crimean Tatar movement was yes it was
terrorist Look like this the
leaders of the Mejlis have always been
deputies of the Verkhovna Rada yes from the
Yushchenko bloc and other Show me really show me so
that you are not a chatterbox Show me when in
Ukraine this I just know from memory
got it out of my memory Look, take it and
choose I am a person who I am after all an
international lawyer yes I promptly to
Show where in Ukraine and when the Majlis
was recognized as a terrorist
movement Show I thought I wouldn't find it but I
'll try Let's try to look for
Ukraine There was an organization called Millifirka
it was considered as
suspicious And so where from where
were they the Majlis look the Majlis never
considered again the Majlis was never
considered as a terrorist
organization Let's see Well I'm
not sure that I'll find it now because
it was look for It would be very well known I think So by the way
Hizb ut Tahrir is just in
time Yes let's talk about the Majlis
Let's talk about the Majlis I now I now don't
wait So it was exactly there uh it
was connected with this at all Moreover the
Majlis is not connected with any Khrirs
anything Let's go here
Damn if I find this video now of course
but it would take a very long time to find it
Look at the FSB Prostentsova Prostentsova
look Prosentsov No listen I
found you Prosentsov So look the FSB
accused him of wanting to
blow up the monuments the Eternal Flame Memorial
and the Lenin monument in Simferopol So it's
real
So look let's go before we run away
Linor Usmanov there is a channel 10 years
ago videos were published to watch for everyone
how the Hizb Tahrir party is deceiving
Crimean Muslims And I don't give a damn about the
Histbukh Takhri party Look there is the
Mejlis the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar
people an official organization and what kind of
Tahrirs are there not Tahrirs and so on There are
Tatars against Look again take it
You still say that there is the
Yabloko party there is United Russia there is
some other party like What does Hizb
Tahlir have to do with it Look take the Mejlis I have a
good memory in general Take the
Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar people show me
where it was considered a terrorist organization under Ukraine
or was suspected But here
look 10 years ago in the video there is Hizb ut-
Tahrir Threat to peaceful Crimea Crimea today
here is the channel Look at what you
Russians wrote there but after that I am not interested at all
Show me about the e-ejlis of the
Crimean Tatar people Here I am
telling you specifically the members of the Mejlis
were arrested but recently they exchanged
one but yes they even
arrested women Tell me yes when the
Mejlis in Ukraine was considered a
terrorist organization there even
this what is his name this old man so very decrepit
wrinkled
I don't remember his name He
was also a deputy with you later and Mustafa Mustafa
Dzhemilev Wow Wow Here show me show me
where he was when he was considered a terrorist in
Ukraine Mustafa Dzhemilev Come on come on come on
come on Mustafa Dzhemilev
Dzhemilev And about Tahrir there yes tarir yes
Damn it's a unique
video
So so so so Damn we need to look we need to
look It's not that simple Very many
videos you  now you know how you should
search Let's search Let's search It's not that
simple to operate with facts Yes, it's
very easy to chatter, but operating with
facts like I do is more difficult Here you need intelligence and
facts
So Dzhemeleva was awarded in the presence of
presidents Oh,
handsome So about
problems By the way, do you know such an owner was
found now Don't give it like that No, do
n't get distracted, first find it because
we jump from one to another Here you find it,
put a period and move on
Eh, there are
so many
videos to review
That texts can be Find the text
Mustafa Dzhemilev there terrorism, write
there It's not interesting, the text is not interesting Write it
and it will be there and you will find the video Everything Well, there should already be a
lot of things Come on
I'm looking I'm looking And you weren't satisfied with the
ten-year-old video
that was dictated to you there What does it have to do with
you during the Russian
occupation I'm
interested in the Mejlist of the Crimean Tatar
people, this is the official structure
that represents the interests of the
Crimean Tatar people and represented
in
Ukraine  So so so so
so Damn, it's a shame to waste time on this, to be
honest, like, Let's look in the wrong place, it's
a shame for a bee in its ass, as they say,
but we still, and we will waste time
because we operate with facts We are
adults who operate with
facts This is crap I just when I ask
Russians to confirm their words, yes, they
immediately cost them something, it's a shame to waste time They
sit there all day and talk, and
here it costs, it's a shame to waste time Let's find out that the
point is that I watched this video
a long time ago Yeah That's exactly it, it
was like under Ukraine
Let's find out I think this is
probably some kind of video that
everyone has disseminated Russia should just
show this video everywhere there Here No,
then no, you weren't so
interested in Ukraine
Damn, it seems that only you saw this video
alone No, why do I think that many
Let's whoever itere not I'm interested
Look, I'm interested, maybe I'll
take this video too, show it to all of Ukraine and
say I just see, I've
watched a lot of
Ukrainian television since 2016, so let's
do it  we'll find I'm so curious Damn maybe he's
really hiding something from us
There's such a video I'll become
popular I'll show everyone this video in
Ukraine I'll say: "Look, they were hiding it from us
" This will be [ __ ] cool I want to
become popular Let's go Yes, you're already
popular I know that And I'll become really
popular you see I'll find a video
that no one has seen and I'll show everyone
You're this one, in my opinion, a priest in my opinion Yes,
if a priest yes yes I'm this one I'm just a
blogger I have 200,000 subscribers and so it
will be shorter damn a million you see everyone will
see and he found this
video So listen no now I can't
find this thing
How much I've been scrolling through but I can't yet
Hizb Hizbuhrir in Crimea And in
Ukraine Come on let's go Mustafa Dzhemelev
Rafat Chubarov Here are the leaders I just exactly
I just exactly remember that his face was in
that video and he was just
saying there that they were
really bad Come on and that's it And all this
was under Ukraine What does it have to do with it look at me I
don't care  I'm interested in Hizb ut Tahi How many of
them are there? Five people Maybe because you
know why they don't give a
damn? There is the Mejlis of the
Crimean Tatar people, an official
organization, yes, representing
tens of thousands of people there, and so on, yes I don't
know, some kind of Tahrir, not Tahrir, like two
people called themselves some kind of Tor I don't give a
damn. Let's
look at Lenur Usmanov, the Hizb ut
Tahrir invasion in
Crimea, a video came out 10 years ago And what is this, I
don't give a damn about this video, look at Hizb ut Tahrir, and so on. What is this, how many people do they have of this Tahrir, there are five people who called themselves Tahrir I don't care at all. There are
official ones, these, the Mejlis of the
Crimean Tatar people, its
activists, the garden. For example, they were taken prisoner.
Now, for example, like
this or recently they were released. Yes, look, there
may be, there may be, look again. So, the
participants, the participants of the Mejlis.
For example, look, look, for example, recently
here.  look last month last
month yes last month yes here
10 captured civilians were returned to Ukraine from Russia
among them deputy head of the
Crimean Tatar Mejlis Na Reman Dzhelal Well yes
he is not Tahrir He is just look
just public public de
public de Here for what come on find
For what I don't know Listen I
didn't suit you with another video 10 years ago
Let's yes you first
find this video now Now we Let's what's going on
with Mustafa Dzhemillion Linar Usmanov Here
as if listen Linar Usmano Come on No no don't
give don't jump you here is an old gray-haired man
Mustafa Dzhemeleva he is some kind of
terrorist Come on now wait Here I am
Lenur Usmano now I will find Lina
Rusmanov and he probably has everything there
prozbudir in Crimea
Well now the guy is already an adult and
then he was this young I love these
things when I uh Russians for their
lies  I catch and say: "Here prove this,
this is really a ten-year-old ten-year-old
video, you didn't like it. Look at what I'm
operating on. Yes, I can say that there are
ten-year-old shooters, not ten-year-olds. Well,
look, there are little green men.
Members of Hesbukr can be
members at the same time, they can be
members, but they may not be. Show that you agree. Show. They can be, for example, you can be a Nazi, you can be a Nazi, or you may
not be a Nazi. I don't know until you don't until I prove that you are a
Nazi. I'm not calling you a Nazi. Really, show. Mustafa
Dzhemilev can be a Satanist, and a
Martian, for example, and he could vote for Trump.
But until we have facts, we
can't say such things. Let's do it this
way. Tahrir
Tahrir. Now Linur and Usman have it. This is
bad. This is good. This is
bad because it
got somewhere. Video. Where did it get
to. Well, let's look. And here's
Alice. You can ask Alice. Damn it, do
n't tell her. She'll start. There's five or
something. Let's do it. It's interesting. Here.  let's ask
Alice,
maybe Alice will find it She remembers everything
No, she won't find it You have to
search for it manually You have to search for it manually Well, in short, the
essence is something there is a video this is not the essence the
essence Look at these fables in your own words I
believe you saw the video Let's go Okay, okay, okay Let's go
in short Okay That's it I have
n't seen this video then what should we just
continue Okay That's it You see so that we can continue yes why does Russia,
uh, arrest all the leaders who
speak out against this Russian
occupation who speak out for
Ukraine and so on yes we look at all the
leaders of the Crimean Tatar people yes they
either don't let them in or arrest them yes they
recently exchanged them yes Sentsov also that it
seems he wanted to
blow up the Lenin monument there but that's just nonsense like why
blow up the Lenin monument like what's the essence
And so on That's
all Yeah Well,
no, it's not a fact that it's a monument
specifically That is, I think it's unlikely that
we would have done anything because of the monument That's it
look again Look I
opened it I'm not unfounded I, unlike you,
first found it and  looked at what
Sintsov was really charged with.
Here we look at the arrest. So look on May 30,
2014, the FSB reported the
arrest of Sentsov, three more
suspects, FSB confirmation. They were
members of the Right Sector. Blah-blah-
blah-blah-blah. And so on. According to the
FSB, the suspects' main goal
was to commit
sabotage and terrorist acts in
Simferopol, Sevastopol, and Yalta. In
particular, they were charged with
detonating homemade
devices at the Eternal Flame memorial and the
Lenin monument in Simferopol on the night of
May 8-9, 2014. Listen, it's possible,
it's possible. That is, as if because I
personally didn't read it or read it, so I
can't say now that something
happened, as if he was arrested for something. It's
possible, as if he was acting as
part of some group, something,
usually there are
such rather controllable terms for this. Once again, I'm not a
group, not a group. Once again, look, I'm
telling you Oleg.  Sentsov and a bunch of such
people,
yes, detain him. Also this one,
Nariman Enverovich Zhilyalov, yes, the
deputy head of the Mejlis of the
Crimean Tatar people, they detained
him in 2001, they also charged him with
wanting to blow up a gas pipeline, and
so on. Why are all political
leaders somehow immediately terrorists,
they wanted to blow up something, and so on.
Listen, do you think
that the special services do not supervise such
people and not, let's say, even despite the
fact that they have them there, roughly speaking, now they are
whitewashed and they occupy some
posts in some political party.
Wait, am I right, look, I
understood correctly, I understood correctly what you told
me 20 minutes ago or how many times
why there were no partisan movements in Crimea.
And now when I say,
look, your FSB says that he wanted to
blow up something there, yes,
this deputy head of the Mejlis wanted to
blow up everyone wanted to blow up something, then it
turns out that either there was
partisan movement and you must
admit that these are partisans and they are fighting
against the Russian occupation or you
must admit that the Russian
Federation is cleaning up all protest
movements that are against Russia in Crimea,
incriminating them with such actions
No, I don’t agree
Okay, let’s put it this way That partisan
movement in Crimea was Well,
I wouldn’t say so, otherwise it would have been
massive Wait, but
massive - how much is that,
well, I don’t know That is, so that in general,
in each populated area, something was
happening Well, listen, they blew up in Berdyansk, they
blew up in Melitopol How many
explosions were there in Berdyansk during all this
time and there, moreover, tightly, people, as it were
How many explosions were there in Berdyansk, well,
I don’t remember now Well, very often in the
reports it appeared that someone was
blown up here How many are there in Berdyansk
How many explosions were there in Berdyansk Well, I don’t have
such I don’t write it down, you
know, well, about 5 thousand How many, well,
I think that there were probably three or four pieces
Three or four Well  everything then also no
partisan It's not a mass not in everyone Well okay okay okay I
persuaded There is no
partisan movement Okay yes Yes
question Let's now go back to Kherson You and I
ran far away in short
Normal I'll run with you now
Look in Kherson how many people
voted in this referendum in Crimea damn I don't
know the numbers I don't remember More precisely there was almost
90 something percent yes maybe by
the way Yes there by the way yes people were waiting for
changes yes Here in Kherson the song We are waiting for
changes in short Kherson region
Kherson region So
And you are talking for Kherson now yes I am now I am
interested in what numbers were
drawn in the Kherson region Exactly
so And why did they draw it right away right now now
we will see So damn
where did you get the information that they drew it from now
now we will figure it out
Now we will figure it out because look
where is this Russian partisan movement
after the withdrawal of Russian
troops after the withdrawal of Russian troops So I did
n't understand the question Look if in the
Kherson region there  90% voted
for Russia, yes, where did all these
lovers of Russia go when Russia fled, well,
I think they left as quickly as possible.
Here are the results of the voting. Here
in the Kherson region
87.5% 5%
87% in the Kherson region in
this Russian referendum were for joining
Russia. So 87% is out
of 10. I think that 90. It turns
out that nine out of ten people in the
Kherson region were for Russia for
joining Russia. Question Question
When the Russian army fled, where
did nine out of ten go?
Well, listen, maybe someone stayed. Here is the
majority that left. The majority is
how many,
damn, well, I was not there. I can do it this way. How many, let's do it that way.
Half left. How many
left. Let's assume that
half left. Half, yes. So you
want to say that half of the people in the
Kherson region left for Russia. Well, yes.
Cool. So, in Kherson it is completely empty now.
Perhaps. Some, some, some refugees
left for Russia. Now in many now in
many cities of Ukraine it is empty. Not
interesting.  there is, it turns out, uh, is it possible to
watch a video somewhere of the mass exodus of
these people from Kherson to Russia? You can
see it somewhere. Well, maybe there is one. I didn't
see it. Well, I just saw how
Russian troops were evacuated across the
Dnieper. And how, across the Dnieper, all this
population of Kherson, 90% fled. Like when,
listen, probably together with them. No, no, there was no such
thing. There
were ferry crossings before the military and so on.
Where did 90% of the population of Kherson go?
Let's see. And why did 90% of
us agree that 50? Well, 50,
uh, 50%, yes, that's from that's a lot.
100,000 will be there in any case. Now the population of
Kherson, let's see how it will be. Well, in
my opinion, there were 1,300. I think there were in Kherson. I
could be wrong. 290. Yes, that is, yes, look.
150,000. That is, 150,000 people had to
cross the Dnieper. Yes, it's easy.
Where are we such videos or what, where, where, they
crossed, where they were accepted, and what do you think,
they all stayed there, no, where, where
look really at that moment Russian
troops were leaving literally in a couple of days
Literally in a couple of days So this outcome was
yes uh the
group of Russian troops was clearly
smaller than this 150,000 civilians
Yes That is, if everyone clearly saw the
movement of this group of troops yes
Russian then like an invisible
150,000 civilians slipped through the Dnieper it's
hard to say It's hard though because
there is maybe maybe they just didn't film
people There is a railway bridge and there
was an Antonovsky bridge yes Well about the
railway I didn't know yes And
where did these 150,000 people cross How did
they do this the Dnieper like Moses sort of
parted the Dnieper they crossed like where where how
quite quite We have Putin
almighty therefore not Well seriously let's say
where how 150,000 people left the
Dnieper unnoticed Listen as if I don't I don't
know as if that is I personally didn't
see it Well okay let's
see Look if 150,000 people in 2
days they yes they either had to uh by
cars  go and can you
imagine how much transport it is
yeah well that's just good Look okay come on
like Okay Can you confirm that
now there like the city is at least 50%
full of population uh I don't know how
full it is Yes Look again Stop stop
look I know for example that we have
refugees from Kherson who from the very
beginning yeah occupation like no we don't
take them at all Once again once again Yes But
Kherson Kherson it functions now
If we look and the trolleybus leaves and
then yeah that's not for these there 10%
and so on yeah but even if 50% fled to
Russia and then 40% of those who
voted in the referendum should have
stayed That is left look 10
who were for Ukraine and 40 who were for
Russia Now it turns out out of five people
four four for Russia should be in
Kherson That is 80% of the population of Kherson
should be for Russia Well they are afraid the
Ukrainian authorities are afraid that like it's logical
Look again  80% of Kherson should now
be for Russia There should also be a
partisan movement, just
in short, it's [ __ ] awful There are only children and
old people left, you know, well now you
want to jump off like really, yes, that is, it
turns out that all those who support Russia have
fled, leaving their children
and old people behind Russia No, no, no, of course not, of
course You, you understand Well, look,
I think you're
great That is, you have no data and
I have no data Let's get to it
Look, I have clear data that there was 87% for Russia in Kherson, as declared by Russia Everything is clear, yes, yes, yes, and these people have disappeared somewhere Well, look, you can't confirm that you are
there I don't know at least half of
those who voted are watching in Kherson
No, no, look, it's not me who has to
confirm that half are there, it's you who has to
confirm that they left for
Russia if you say something like that Damn, I
can't confirm that Firstly,
because I wasn't there That's one Secondly, I
didn't set myself such a task to
make sure whether it was really like  I would like to
find a video there I don't know but here's a
video watch the video did you see how
Russian if in Kherson 90% were for
Russia did you see how Russian troops were met in Kherson
well listen like well well well not everyone there
met like that Not everyone I saw how many
people came out there Stop stop You see you
saw how in Russia they met in
Kherson they met Russian troops with
Ukrainian flags climbed onto tanks
I saw this this was This was I saw And
saw how someone met Russian troops with Russian
flags in Kherson if these
90% were where they how they met the
troops listen I don't know Maybe maybe
look do you have a video do you like
videos there is a video Look Wait a minute
wait You just
kind of bent me over with one video Yes I
want to bend me over with the second one I just
couldn't find it you know Come on come on ra ra for the
sake of interest let's you and I type in
now uh in Kherson they met
Russian troops and let's see what
videos come out The fact is that I will find  such a
video Most of the videos and the fact that I will
find a video when, on the contrary, they booed the
Russian Yes
yes Info dumps work This is normal And what about the
video of info dumps What kind of
video of info dumps when the Russian
National Guard disperses with shots in Okay then
I have a question Then I have a question There the whole
whole city came out there,
like or there 500 people came out another 500 people came out
not 500 and so on but it came out
Here we see why no one
came out for Russia and for Ukraine even against
armed soldiers came out because
no one understood Russia came for a day,
two or three and so on You understand, like Yes yes yes yes
yes So that it doesn't turn out the
same as zi Look the thing is that everyone
understood that Russia didn't come for one
day, not for two or three, but it came and will
go too It went like that from Kherson from the
Kharkov region from Kyiv and will also
go from Donetsk Lugansk region and from
Crimea Only this initially
worked Initially it didn't work this way not
in the direction of Ukraine yes right  same
Correctly What is that from Kherson, as
if Ukraine left at the beginning,
just look when I talk to
Ukrainians for some reason they forget the
fact that Ukraine from Kherson from
Melitopol there from everywhere it just up
and left God no look not that no it did
n't leave Russia captured these
territories Russia captured territories for
example yes
with this absolutely from the Luhansk region they
withdrew they gave up the Luhansk region because
yes so that there would be no operational
encirclement Yes there were just battles in Luhansk
Luhansk just No look Luhansk
most of the Luhansk
region Sersk region the north of the Luhansk
region left on the very first day right away
yes there was a withdrawal-eight so that there would be no encirclement
Absolutely right yes This is uh military
necessity Also for example yes
part of the Kyiv Zhitomir region yes they didn't
hold that's where they stopped Russia where they could have
stopped And that's all What does this say
it doesn't say anything about what uh is
for Russia or against Russia Moreover,
here's what I'll say Look let's go back to the
fake  referendum in Kherson The
referendum in Kherson showed a very
beautiful thing, that firstly, this referendum is
fake and secondly, that the referendum
means nothing
Russia has written Kherson into its constitution
that it is part of it Earlier, as they used to say, that
Crimea will not be returned because
Crimea is written into the constitution and part of
Russia And Kherson showed that Russia has
written it in and left from there And already, like, well,
Kherson is ours but it seems not ours The same will happen
with Crimea What is the difference between the referendum
in Crimea and the referendum in Kherson
If Russia could leave Kherson and leave,
then it can also leave Crimea No,
Russia simply does not act according to the principle of
Ukraine, you understand, as it were That is, it does not
fight for the city if, like, Super, super,
yes That's right, that means
Russia will not fight for Crimea as well as
for Kherson if this happens True, yes,
Crimea is not a city Well, it will
fight for Simferopol It will leave so that Yes,
not to fight for Simferopol It will
leave for Sevastopol It
will stand in front of Simferopol So and  why did
n't they stand up in front of Kherson
well then you
know everything perfectly well You have it all You have it all Zhdanov the
analyst said everything about it Once again And what about
Zhdana look you say here is the
situation the situation with Kherson is the
same as with Crimea yes they left there although you
said that it was part of your territory
yes they let them occupy in your opinion their
territory What could the same thing be
with Crimea what is the difference between Crimea and Kherson it is the same
subject Yes no at all Yes also Well for
example first they left there
Perekop and then you will leave from Armyansk then they will leave in
short from Dzhenkoy then they
leave from Simferopol then they
board a barge in Sevastopol and run away That's all Well
first we need to at least like
Kherson well near Kherson the Dnieper
of course of course Yes naturally that to
start with in order to move something there
to Crimea yes we need to move the Zaporozhye
region and the Kherson region Absolutely right I'm
not saying that someone will press the button  and
teleports from Kherson I'm talking about the
mechanism yes that Russia has shown that it
can give back the captured
territories yes which it considered as
its own yes that is and which the
international community recognizes as the
territories of
Ukraine That's all There is a strategy and
tactics This is logical Strategy and tactics
yes Well look
legally Kherson is the same as Crimea
True Kherson region is the same as
Crimea For Russia it is part of the subject of the
Russian Federation according to your
constitution true
yeah That's all How will the return of Kherson
differ from the return of Crimea or Belgorod
for example
yes it's just unrealistic I'm not talking
about really unrealistic I'm talking
about how it differs Well they gave Kherson You are
comparing Kherson where there was the only
bridge which as a matter of fact would have
collapsed a little bit Well for example
look there will be the only bridge with Crimea
and it will collapse a little bit for example when they
give permission to hit it there
for example with American missiles after the
elections For example the situation is there is a
railway before that to Mariupol
in my opinion and the railway will be taken out
completely easily In short the question is look  the
question is in political will We are
not talking now about how exactly they will destroy We
are talking about the mechanism that look if there
was such a situation and Russia was forced to
flee Kherson and it considers
it normal then how will it be
different that Russia will be forced to flee
Crimea and it will consider it
normal so this is purely hypothetical you
understand you are like well we are talking
about what can be and what cannot be
In fact Kherson is what happened
Once again Kherson happened Kharkiv
region happened like they fled Kherson
God wait Kherson and before that it happened
only in the opposite direction You are the
opposite yes yes yes Look now look
Eh you yes you are appealing to the fact that this is
impossible This is impossible Crimea is
impossible And I say yes for a second I
say that it is 50 to 50 This is both possible
and impossible That is, it is
hypothetical Here We are considering
these 50 when it is possible now So if it is
impossible it is clear yes Ukraine cannot
expel Russia from Crimea and cannot yes and
now we are considering those 50%
hypothetical what is possible yes it turns out
that Russia can leave Crimea like this  the same
as she left Kherson and said: "Well, yes,
it seems like we have a constitution, but we
left there." It turns out
Oh, listen, I don't know how it is in their
heads, the authorities, but I think that it is unlikely that
this will happen Well, why,
well, it is simply unbelievable Why is it
unbelievable Look, for me it
was unbelievable for me that Ukraine would
shell the Belgorod region Just
not Well, how is that possible Well, why, well, how is it
unbelievable Like Russia Ukraine would
shell the territory of a nuclear power
Listen, who are they, the Houthis, yes or no,
not the Houthis, but who are they there, Palestine Hamas is
shelling a nuclear power,
Israel Israel is small
Look, don't compare Israel with Russia
Yes, but Ukraine, yes And for them to ever
tell me that they will strike the
Belgorod region Just, for example,
uh, Governor Glodkov cried yesterday that
200 residents of the Belgorod region had died since the beginning of the SVO
And how many
thousands of wounded are there, that is already generally 200 200
killed Belgorod residents, that is generally unthinkable
Generally unthinkable How  this is in Donbass in
2021 only five died
from military actions or seven there
Well, and here in short they decided to defend
Donbass and now 200 Belgorod residents have died
And in short how many are there there is a gray zone
Shchebekina like all these Listen it has
just grown a little bit into something
else on a different scale That's it, it has
grown into something else So it is growing
Look, it turns out that Russia took it because
Ukraine thought that Russia would
act according to the Minsk agreement yes that
everything should be decided in a political key
Russia deceived as it deceived in
1997 in 1997 they
violated the agreement So
Russia violated Minsk and took it and attacked on a
full scale They will use the effect of
surprise by force Yes Ukraine with difficulty
but methodically drove Russia out of the Kyiv
region Chernigov Sumy Kharkov
Knocked out of Kherson Yes they continue to
arm Ukraine If Ukraine did this with what
it had at the beginning of the invasion, then
now we see Ukraine striking at the
Krasnodar region  in Tatarstan and in the
Saratov region and so on I do
n’t even consider these border ones That is,
Ukraine is increasing its
attacks on the territory of the Russian Federation every year,
therefore it is losing its energy system I
agree Yes Energy look energy system
yes We also have look we had power outages a
year and a half ago I heard heard
heard a year and a half ago
it was that we had before winter yes there was 2
hours of power, 4 there was no power 2 hours, 4 there was
no power Now for example now there
are 3 there are 3 no name and that’s today yesterday they didn’t turn off
mine today they haven’t turned
off yet Soon somewhere they may
turn off in the evening yes that is it
adapts everything adapts And what
happens is that you are hitting the energy system but
as a result uh look Krasnodar-Rostov
was without power yesterday and today True
no listen as if we are talking about how
somewhere you can
get something somewhere with drones but I just remember
this here is another thing I remember
What is this well
Mom’s pie This mom’s
pie Well remember remember
Well well this head what's his name this
intelligence-that Budanov or whoever do you remember
he
made that Plans love silence Remember I don't
remember with fingers I don't know what you're
looking at there Like well he pointed with his finger that
like let's talk about a counteroffensive
like keep quiet And what well so what I can't understand at all
One counteroffensive has already been you
understand not a counteroffensive didn't
work out yes everyone understands yes what in the
Zaporizhia region didn't work out I
think that the result of this was the
replacement of Zaluzhny yes because well it
turns out the General Staff or what well I don't know
I'm not I'm not a military man yes but as a person
I see a civilian I see yes counter and who no
one says that the counteroffensive
worked out Well wait look look
So Ukraine tried a
counteroffensive it didn't work out yes
Ukraine is now waiting for new
arms deliveries Yes more patriots are waiting for the
F16 That's all That is for Ukraine it is
methodically difficult yes but it is increasing its
potential The Western military machine what is it
doing will increase the production of shells
for Ukraine will increase the production of
equipment for  Ukraine and so on That is,
Ukraine is arming itself and demilitarizing the
Russian Federation The Russian
Federation has such a shortage of shells
that now North Korean shells are
coming to you True, well, most likely, yes That's
right, yes, you saw, yes, Russia is not
able Look, I didn't see anything,
as it were, I just assume that most
likely, yes, I can't see because,
first of all, I don't look at the invoice, I don't look at what they're
carrying, and so on and
so forth, but I assume So,
look And uh, I'll say this when 2.2 years
ago or there were 2 years ago the Russians
said: "Everything is now we'll reach Kyiv,
Lvov, English Channel, Berlin, and so on, and
now the Russians say: "What's your
offensive?" That is, Russia is now
happy that Ukraine was unable
to counterattack That is, Russia now
look Russia doesn't say: "We'll capture
Kyiv, we'll divide Ukraine there, in short." That's all
Russia now says: "Ha-ha-ha, you
couldn't give us a beating."
Russia can't give Ukraine a beating.
Well  there it was all a little different
That is, based on how many entered in
general, as if in what quantity the
units entered the territory of
Ukraine, yes, that is, with such a limited
contingent entered with such such forces in
principle it is impossible to take a country like Ukraine, well,
that's all And why then did they
enter, the essence is one if, for example, the Main Directorate,
well, the top, yes, that is, if it
accepts the conditions, roughly speaking, on the
basis that, well, in these in rituals, but
they don’t and they don’t, yes, and therefore, and therefore
it all turned into what it
turned into That is, it turns out,
look, Russia decided to take it on the pon
so that everything would be shorter, yes, and as a result, it
put all its elite troops, like, near
Gostomel, in short, in Kyiv Well, yes
So look how many really look,
this Ryazan school issues out look
how many graduates died Where did you
see this where you saw it okay, let's do it Look, I'm telling
you now Did you go to Ryazan or
something, okay, look, let's do it this way
You just find me how many
Ukrainian generals Russia destroyed and
I tell you how many Russian ones I've confirmed for you now
I can't even look  I won't
because I don't know if it's true or not
Here A and I'm telling you right now, really, everything is
confirmed And why did you
decide that it's true?
I personally checked this right now I'll tell you right now Yes, yes,
this is an official obituary Did you personally
check this information?
You're not the first one No, wait a second
Look, I can't refer to this
information because I simply didn't
check it That's why I'm not even referring to this A I A I
simply checked Look, I simply
checked SMO That is, you checked everyone, yes, yes, you checked
Look, the list of
Russian generals who died in
the course of Russia's invasion of Ukraine Yes, there's a
Wikipedia article for each one,
there's a link for each one, yes, to the official
news, yes, he died there and so on
Look, there are 12 generals Eh, these are the ones that have
n't been added here for the twenty-second and twenty-third years yet
Yes, for some reason they haven't added anything else Well, don't
edit the article
Look, Andrei Sukhovetsky just abandoned it
Yes  abandoned smori Andrey Sukhovetsky
Not major general of the first died on March 1,
twenty-second Deputy commander of the
deputy look deputy
commander of the forty-first military army
killed by a sniper Chernigov region
February 28, twenty-second year Death
confirmed by the Russian side Links
chik-chik-chik-chik There is Yes this will
not tell me anything Just look again
Andrey Kolesnikov yes March 11, twenty-
second commander That is, there is a whole
list of yes of whom and where and almost all of them
are Death confirmed by the Russian
side And a link yes a link where
official Russian persons yes
confirm the death of this general
So only for 2to2ro-tvat third
year I see a list of twelve
Russian generals liquidated by Ukraine
We are only talking about generals and
not to mention the officer
corps Yes So can you show me a
list of liquidated Ukrainian
generals yes I'm not even going to because
this must be checked personally So
check Look there is a leg Why why should
I waste time on this this is 2
minutes This is 2 minutes You  you open it, they
say: "Died and the link died, the link
there is on No, the point is that even
this link needs to be checked. If it was
written there, if this news was written by
some
-com, some yes, wait, stop,
stop. Look, you and I talked there for about
40 minutes and you constantly told me some
news, some everything, and now you say:
"And you, everything, I don’t check it." And how did you check everything
else? How did you check everything else?
Once, once, it was. How did
you check everything else?
What exactly, that is, you tell me, well, like,
you say that half of the people there,
in short, fled to Russia from Kherson, then you
say that in Crimea, that’s all. How did you check all this, of course, you
didn’t check it.
Of course, you didn’t check it. That is, you told me, that is, yes, oh, that
is, you spent 40 minutes
piling on something that you never
checked. And when, for example, I poke you with
facts, you say, oh, no, this needs to be checked.
I don’t want to. I can’t. Because I
needed to check it.
No, that’s not how it works. And how,
how  look that is if you
have an entry in Wikipedia about such and
such a person dying there and
there is a link to some
source that is generally unclear who it is.
Everything is clear. Here are the
sources. Clearly understandable. And I understand it
now. I will tell you clearly. Look, for
example, it is written here again. Look, all
these links lead to specific, uh, either
news resources with a link to some
official or to official
Russian resources.
Damn, have you checked these media outlets for them?
So look, open. Let's
check right now and
go through and check and say: "Fake or not
fake." I am just not
leading you to this, you understand, how am I leading you to
this? Look, stop, stop, stop. You are leading you to
this. I checked. I The thing is
that you are not the first person I am talking to about this.
Before using any
information, I check them because  there are
all sorts of fakes Yes And when I
look when I speak with arguments
look there are 12
uh a list of twelve generals
who I can say for sure that
Russian generals were destroyed in Ukraine
Yes Well
can you name me at least three
Ukrainian generals who were destroyed I'm
not even going to You see why so let's
go back to that because because I do
n't know whether this information can be trusted
at all How we'll go back let's go
back to that yes what I
said that you uh lost during the attacks on
Kyiv and so on yes in all these
invasions of a limited continent you
lost most of your career
military Yes who were then replaced by
whoever came along mobilized and
so on and so on and this is clearly visible from the
losses of the generals If we see 12
generals lost in just 2 years yes
we can scale how many
officers there were then and how much is this
Moreover uh how do you estimate the losses of the
Russian army in Ukraine now yes how do I
know Okay And how many contingents of the
Russian army are in Ukraine well according to
Putin 700,000 But  this is provided that
these are all sorts of other things, how to say,
doctors, suppliers, and so on and so forth,
or is it the opposite, a plus? I don’t
know how much it’s useless. Why
guess? The point is that look at the
confirmed deaths. There are Russian
resources that keep a count of the
obituaries, where there is information that someone died, that’s how
it’s officially reported or relatives have
said so. Yes, that is, only those people
who already have public confirmation
of death. There
may be more than 50,000 Russians. More
than that. These are only those who have
confirmed it in public obituaries.
I’m telling you exactly about the generals. Yes, that
is, and if you were part of that limited
contingent, and as many as 12 generals
from that limited contingent died, then
something seems wrong to me. True,
then you should already be
hanging around, I don’t know, somewhere near Volgograd.
No, no, no. Look, we’re
hanging around now. We’re hanging around now.
Near Belgorod. Near Belgorod. The point is
that.  look uh the question is that
Ukraine has no tactics yes or desire
now to break through to Volgograd Why
because what to do with this territory
yes it would have been uh there was a plan to break through
This counteroffensive in the Zaporizhia
region did not work out yes because uh
as practice has shown yes uh it is
impossible to attack in that territory
it is open and so on yes it is
mined and so on But uh if
we look at the expenditure of people and Russia
throws people it turns out like meat and we
can see it Listen then I will also
say that Ukraine throws people like meat
Let's show show how many
generals officers we have killed Show Let's
compare
Well let's see because I see
that Ukraine Well do you believe in the thirty
that Zelensky named No no of course
more It is definitely more Yes This is a
media number in order to need to
name something Of course more this is
understandable because for example I am in my
city Khmelnitsky yes look with us yes
every dead person from Khmelnitsky is
put on display Here in the center of the city there is a
street  each dead person has a photograph yes there are
special cubes like that that is
when they tell us: "There you don't see we
see I can walk through my city
along the main street and everyone who passes by
sees how many people died" Yes we
clearly this is whose name is Vladimir yes or how
or Volodya what what is your name Vladimir
Andrey Andrey yes Andrey In short I think
that there is no point in raising this topic
because you have no data I have no data That's how it is
I don't have I have data
on generals for example I can compare
data on generals but for some reason you do
n't want to right away Why is it because it's
pointless That's why look No
Russia look Russia Russia constantly
Konoshenkov there stated: "
So many generals were destroyed so many mercenaries everything
Give me a list of the generals destroyed
Can you show?" No I don't watch
Konoshenko because what is there to look at there
as if there is any point Well I'm Okay Look for 2
years from the war well
some generals have already been liquidated Can you show which ones
how many
yes I won't do this even
because I can't check it And even  I'm too lazy to
do this, you know, but what's
good? What can you even check in your
life?
Well, what interests me, for example, the
dead generals on the Ukrainian side,
I don't really. Listen, do
you believe that Trump was shot at? Well,
in principle, why not? How did you
check? No, the fact that there
were shots, that's for sure. Yes. How do you
know? Did you check? Well, personally, no, I didn't
check. How do you know?
Well, naturally, from the news? So the
news reports could have
posted some kind of fake. Naturally,
naturally. Okay, let me say
50/50 50/50. So, look,
you just have a very interesting position. When you
need something, you are sure of it and that's it. When
you are shown something that is, uh, unpleasant for you to
understand, you immediately say: "Oh, this is
impossible, this is not to check. It's like this is
some kind of website. I don't know. This is news. I'm
hiding it. I won't waste my time on this." That's how it is.
No. Look, I wo
n't even bother too much with Trump
because the matter there is very
incomprehensible. Maybe they did shoot, maybe not.  As
if in fact there was some shooter they
showed him as if he was even killed Maybe he
shot at him maybe he shot
blanks What's the point of that That is, for
me personally it won't change anything True
or true or true I don't have a question question
Uh, you had presidential elections Putin was
elected well
in fact yes And how did you check
well beat this one how did his center electoral commission
say about it Well he said maybe he website
how did you check the result no of course not didn't
go And how does that
work out look trusted trusted the
center Electoral Commission Well then look wait the
center Electoral Commission could say that in short
this is the result yes the electoral commission for the
Kherson referendum could say
this is the result and that's it I think it could yes the
Crimean referendum electoral commission could say
that the result is this and that's it Well most
likely not As if I saw people in the
squares Wait people people it could have been
actors In short you don't know these
people You know and you were there touched
these people no didn't touch That is to say it
could have been actors 50/50  Of
course it could have been 50/50, they could have been, but
look, it turns out that the Electoral Commission could,
listen, and look, as if I'm still
not exactly sure whether Ukraine separated
from the USSR That's it, too, yes, you see, like
50/50, you haven't seen Kravchuk and
Yeltsin, and so on. Yes,
perhaps we live in the same country. You
see, half. So in what country
in the USSR? I mean, what kind of
USSR, where did it come from? The USSR never
fell apart. It would fit. So it wasn't created. Do
you have some kind of treaty on the
creation of the USSR, a Russian empire, it
turns out then. Wait, what kind of Russian empire,
well, which supposedly
existed before the USSR? Wait, you, you saw the
decree of Peter I on the proclamation of the Russian
empire, of course not. Well, that's it. So what kind of
Russian empire, relax then. That's it.
We've reached a dead end. No, we haven't
reached a dead end. How are we, Rus', Ukraine, and you,
some crazy, incomprehensible Muscovites, it's generally
unclear what you have for this 50/50.
Not everything is exactly clear here. Everything is
super, yes. We have, look, we have everything, a
hundred. Come on. Okay.  Andrey Okay
Andrey It was a good conversation
actually I think I think we roasted you
very beautifully Yes, I mean, well, 50/50
roasting Well, only if with olive
oil
then it would be more noble, in short,
more noble Okay
Plan for 50 I love those moments cola
starts again Now I'll find it Now there's a
video there's a video Well, in short, it's been a
long time already Damn it I don't have time to
check it This is sitting for an hour to talk there is
time And 2 minutes to check the link there is
no time Yes And I know you like such
serious conversations on the facts about roasting
orcs where the stench is And this is why subscribe
to this channel like and spread the word everywhere clinging to
my Telegram right now Os
in And
priest this is very and very important YouTube
drives us through the card into a shadow ban
and very many videos are not shown to people
at times are not shown  Information about the
streams in order for us to have little operational
connections, subscribe directly and pop
there in the telegram okmdeo is also useful and
useful information and we owe you to
trim the ongoing operational connections
Regardless of that, we will show you  about this
YouTube Glory to Ukraine subscribe